Project Description

The basic functionality of our game is as follows. The player controls the squirrel and attempts to throw an acorn at the birds flying above while dodging the poop that they drop. The acorn also spins in the air when it is thrown for added effect. The squirrel has 3 lives, or in other words, the player can get hit 3 times before losing. In order to kill the birds, the acorn must hit them. When the acorn falls back down, the player must stand under it in order to pick it back up. The player uses the keyboard as described in the README. There is no win condition for this game, and the player can keep continuing the game until they lose all their 3 lives. 

When the player runs the program, they will have the options of starting the game, viewing the high scores and exiting the game. They will also have the option to mute or unmute the game. If the player decides to view high scores, they can click on the appropriate button, which will take them to the high scores page. Here, they still have the option to mute or unmute the music or they can click the back button to return to the main menu. If the player clicks exit, the entire program will close. 

If the player decides to start the game, they will be taken to screen in which they can enter their username. Hitting "enter" on the keyboard will save their name and take them to the actual game itself. Clicking the back button will not save the player's score and will take them back to the main menu. Here, the player will move the squirrels and try to hit the birds with the acorn. If all the birds of the level are killed, a button stating "Level 2" will appear and the player must click on this button to continue. This will appear after Level 2 as well. With each level, there is one more bird that goes faster. After Level 3, the player will get the option of either continuing the game or ending the game. Continuing the game will take the player back to level 1, where they can continue gaining more points (lives and score will not reset) to gain a high score. The "End Game" and "Exit" button will save the player's current score and will return back to the main menu. 

There is also a "Restart" button to reset the player's score and will return their current level to 1. There is an "Exit" button that will take the player back to the main menu and will save their current score. There are mute and unmute buttons. 